Update manual_restoration.md (#224)
gardener/etcd-backup-restore: doc/usage/manual_restoration.md

        - --embedded-etcd-quota-bytes=<same as previous value>
        - --snapstore-temp-directory=<same as previous value>
        ```

>         :warning: Edit etcd-main statefulset to change command field. After saving it, delete etcd-main-0 pod and then check etcd and backup-restore sidecar logs for successful restoration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :warning: Edit etcd-main statefulset to change command field. After saving it, ideally statefulset controller will recreate the etcd-main-0 pod itself. But, since it doesn't handle the case of unhealthy pod,  delete etcd-main-0 pod maually using commnad `kubectl -n <namespace> delete etcd-main-0`. Now, check etcd and backup-restore sidecar logs for successful restoration.
```
